
Landing Page with an "enter" button.

Main page.
Background is space image, z= -1

Has main content area, which is essentially the whole screen.

Main content area should hold the BaseContent, which I'm defining as the main story images.
I don't think it matters if this is flex, because there should only be one main element inside
and then the button, which should be positioned absolutely based on the BaseContent image.

The important thing is that the BaseContent itself scales with the size of page. And then that
the button elements on top of it scale correctly as well.

Interactions: Pressing the screen anywhere (either BaseContent or whole screen) should result in
either progress (eg. cycling through the next story image or bringing up a button) OR if there is
a button that needs to be pressed, it should flash when anywhere else is clicked.


Other Possible Features
-exit button
-volume control

These would be fixed position elements overtop the whole thing.


Beginning screen-- add a little version of the spaceship from the outside, floating through the bg.

1) Floating Forever (GIF1)
2) click--> turn on the lights computer (GIF2) (GIF3 for loop)
wait--> light button shows up
(GIF4) click-->light turns on "thank you computer" "What is the status of the oxygen garden?" ADD THIS TO GIF 4, then no further action
wait-->Sound button shows up "Oxygen garden non optimal"

4) On Sound button click, PROGRESS (GIF5) "We should fix the oxygen garden." Zoom out to wider view. "Please turn lights on in path to OxGa"
wait--all light buttons show up after the zoom out
5) On click each button turns on, and checks several booleans that lets us know when all necessary lights are on.
  Once the last light button is clicked, PROGRESS (GIF6) to next gif that moves astronaut, then zooms back in once astronaut is in oxygen garden. "what's wrong with the oxygen garden?"
  wait--> sound button shows up
6) On click, sound button plays "the solar arrays are non responsive" PROGRESS (GIF7) to next gif "non responsive? Computer run system diagnostic"
wait-->system diagnostic button appears
7) On click, system diagnostic, play some "hacker" text across the screen (overlay, I guess) (GIF possibly8 or a different gif outside the numbering system) wait-->sound button appears
8) On click, sound button plays static, visuals get statick-y (GIF9) "computer?" static gets worse and continues, can add more dialogue, add tentacles coming in bg.
-->wait add red alert button shows up
9) On click, red alert button (GIF 10) to more static, screen issues, tentacles progress and lights flicker off. wait--> last "computer?" tentacles progress, then helmet light goes
out as well. Fade out and
end screen.




END
